Hola Cómo estás Yo bien y tú también qué
bueno soy Anna your spanish teacher here
at butterfly Spanish and today Going To
learn a very important grammatical
structure in
spanish Negative gral structure Not
netive
negativity inorder For learn spanish
and This lon is about when you Had done
until that moment I Had not done
Something I Had not Travel Bye I Had not
seen this mie etc in How do we
Express no
no había I hadn't no había I hadn't
había remember había So The H Is there
but we don't pronounce it we Just say
había Plus the verb en participio which
is in this Case hecho algo This is just
to illustrate example no había hecho
algo until that moment hasta ese momento
no había hecho algo no vamos a ver I Had
not done something
en la siguiente oración tenemos no había
tenido tiempo so Again the same Thing I
Had not no había I Had not I hadn't I
Had not Had
Time no había tenido tiempo por ejemplo
no había tenido tiempo de preparar esta
clase I hadn't Had time to make this
lesson until Now see Something I Had
until Now
no había tenido tiempo you can say no
había tenido tiempo I Had not Had time
to do something to Watch this movie to
go go and
runs no había tenido tiempo I H not
time
do no había tomado el autobús con acento
en la u Of course
autobús no había tomado el autobús
no
había no había I H not taken tomado el
autobús Last Time I H to take
meity Ty Had taken I Had not
taken day y lo dije no había tomado el
autobús no Tom este
aob no había tomado este
autobs no había salido contigo I Had
gone out with no había salido contigo
oye no había salido contigo en mucho
tiempo in a long
Time no había
contigo el siguiente es no había visto
la
película por ejemplo no había visto la
película No había visto esta película o
la película and the name of the movie no
ayer mi amiga no había visto mi amiga me
dijo my friend no había visto la
película Vicky Cristina barcelon
no había visto la
película No hab visto esta
película No hab visto la
película Los participios en
español so
no
So You you May want to learn Those
participles
not have Easy
takear other conjug parci
visto
[Música]
laul modo lo siento no esa
película película
no había visto la
película No había visto a
an an no había visto a
no había visto a Ana here no había visto
an Had seen an the person an la
película The
mie an tit of the mie no había visto
an need the preposition
but
person había visto a bacha Had seen
bacha
Now But You could no había visto a mis
amigos I Had seen my Friends a mis
amigos no mis
amigos mis amigos no había visto a Luis
no había visto a Laura no había visto a
mis amigos no había visto a Laura no
había visto a Pedro no había visto a mis
compañeros de trabajo my coworkers etc
no te había visto no había visto ex no
había visto Ana no no la había visto
Because anes la no la había
visto no te había visto
anda no te había visto i hadn't seen you
no había visto a Ana shorter no la había
visto Now let's talk about Luis no había
visto a Luis no lo había
visto por ejemplo no I Had seen my
Friends my girlfriend
no había visto a mis amigas inst mis
amigos a mis amigas no las había visto
no había visto hadn't seen my Friends
male Friends no los había visto so you
gna put the pronouns in between no and
había no te había visto no la había
visto no lo había visto no las
no los había
visto nos
no nos los
las no me había visto
visto Ah no me había
visto no me había visto
seen no me había visto am with my
Friends and this person seen Us no nos
había visto he or She Had seen Us no
me nos había
visto Now
toenen
Now Thank you
much gracias Nos vemos pronto y cuídate
mucho